New python manual (#372)
neo4j/driver-documentation: python-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/install.adoc

= Installation

To start creating a Neo4j Python application, you first need to install the Python Driver and get a Neo4j database instance to connect to.

[#install-driver]
== Install the driver

Use `pip` to install the link:https://pypi.org/project/neo4j/[Neo4j Python Driver] (requires Python >= 3.7):

[source,bash]
----
pip install neo4j
----

> Always use the latest version of the driver, as it will always work both with the previous Neo4j <<LTS>> release and with the current and next major releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use the latest version of the driver, as it always works both with the previous Neo4j <<LTS>> release and with the current and next major releases.
```

> The latest `5.x` driver supports connection to any Neo4j 5 and 4.4 instance, and will also be compatible with Neo4j 6. For a detailed list of changes across versions, see the link:https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-python-driver/wiki/5.x-changelog[driver's changelog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest `5.x` driver supports connection to any Neo4j 5 and 4.4 instances, and is also compatible with Neo4j 6. For a detailed list of changes across versions, see the link:https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-python-driver/wiki/5.x-changelog[driver's changelog].
```
Neo4j 6? It's not even on the horizon yet.

Author: Forward and backward compatibility is important for developers, to have the guarantee that whatever work they invest today will be valid as long as possible. The Drivers team makes this commitment by guaranteeing that if you invest in developing with the driver v5, you can keep your code as-is for not only v5, but also for the next major. The same has happened with driver v4: it works with Neo 5.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
```

> To get the driver on an air-gapped machine, link:https://pypi.org/project/neo4j/#files[download the latest driver] tarball and install it with `pip install neo4j-<version>.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the driver on an air-gapped machine, link:https://pypi.org/project/neo4j/#files[download the latest driver] tarball and install it with `pip install neo4j-<version>.tar.gz`.
====
```

[#get-an-instance]
== Get a Neo4j instance

You need a running Neo4j database in order to use the driver with it.

> The easiest way to spin up a *local instance* is through a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/docker/introduction/[Docker container] (requires `docker.io`). The command below runs the latest Neo4j version in Docker, setting the admin username to `neo4j` and password to `secretgraph`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to spin up a *local instance* is through a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/docker/introduction/[Docker container] (requires `docker.io`). 
The command below runs the latest Neo4j version in Docker, setting the admin username to `neo4j` and password to `secretgraph`:
```
